Are you here to die?
Oh, you're still so cruel.
I really want to kill you.
I'm not your captain
I already retired
Roll up now
I've been in the army for years
How come you still can't make it through three moves?
I also won the first place in the Global Tournament
express welcome
captain
I used to hear our old leader say that your bones are amazing
Learn martial arts with masters since childhood
Is that right?
Don't do this
Stay away from me!
Captain Rossi
Don't be so cold?
I miss you so much!
Don't be a pussy
Say what
If you just went to offend the dog, get out of here
captain
You should know what I'm here for when you see me coming
Sorry we're late.
No matter what you do with me
You have your lives.
I have my days
Don't have anything to do with me
Captain, it's over
Now the whole society has restored order
I'm here to take you back to the capital this time
We all know you've been through a lot over the years
Captain, come back with me
When you were 18
The genius king who makes everyone submit
It was my old man who asked you to come to me
The old leader is now back to work
He has always cared about you
I came to you as soon as I got the order
Really?
I think he's afraid I won't go back and be his pawn
Let you come over and take the lead and sigh about the oral relationship
I swear by the red flag
I'm definitely not a spy
The old leader really cares about you
Red Flag Bless
I am also for the revolution
Go away, I'm not going back
I'm used to this imaginary life now
Not to mention
I have a job.
What? You're not going back?
How can it be difficult to farm?
Are you going to rot in this gutter for the rest of your life?
Be your bullshit village doctor?